Add CSS Custom Properties to Protocol Themes (#841)
mozilla/protocol: docs/02-usage/02-framework.md

### Themes

Protocol supports [multiple brand themes](/docs/fundamentals/brand-themes), namely
the Mozilla and Firefox brands. Themes work by declaring a set of CSS Custom Properties

> on the documents root element (`:root`) in `/includes/_themes.scss` and are retreived

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the document's root element (`:root`) in `/includes/_themes.scss` and are retrieved
```

> using the `var()` function. The customproperties will be updated depending on what theme is declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `var()` function. The custom properties will be updated depending on what theme is declared.
```

> using the `var()` function. The custom properties will be updated depending on what theme is declared.

Reviewer 2: _(non-blocking, just noting for a potential future docs update)_
This is a very exciting change because we're not compiling away sass variables with internal functions anymore. We're using CSS inheritance. This allows end users more flexibility if the pre-defined Protocol themes don't apply (i.e. they are early days in the branding journey and want to experiment before creating an official Protocol theme).

We could provide a list of themeable CSS properties and demo how a user can define their own theme by declaring these properties _after_ the theme declarations

```css
/* user-lib.scss */
@use '~@mozilla-protocol/core/protocol/css/includes/themes';
/* user-defined theme values */
:root {
    --background-color-inverse: #{$color-green-80};
}
```
![Screenshot 2023-02-23 at 12 01 02 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19650432/220900123-ba7fe59b-2f1a-4c56-8464-f7e9edee76b9.png)

Author: such a good idea!

> If you need to support legacy browsers, it is recommended to use the `@supports` decorator

Reviewer 2: (optional) maybe better known as a feature query than decorator
```suggestion
If you need to support legacy browsers, it is recommended to use the `@supports` feature query
```

> while using the sass variable as a fall back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while using the Sass variable as a fall back.
```
